Kill tasks honor the buffer period of unused segments (#15710)
apache/druid: docs/data-management/delete.md

|-------------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `batchSize`    |100    | Maximum number of segments that are deleted in one kill batch. Some operations on the Overlord may get stuck while a `kill` task is in progress due to concurrency constraints (such as in `TaskLockbox`). Thus, a `kill` task splits the list of unused segments to be deleted into smaller batches to yield the Overlord resources intermittently to other task operations.|
| `limit`     | null (no limit) | Maximum number of segments for the kill task to delete.|

> | `maxUsedStatusLastUpdatedTime` | null (no cutoff) | Represents the maximum timestamp used as a cutoff to include unused segments. The kill task considers segments in the specified `interval` marked as unused no later than this time. The default behavior is to kill all unused segments in the `interval` regardless of the time when segments where marked as unused.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `maxUsedStatusLastUpdatedTime` | null (no cutoff) | Maximum timestamp used as a cutoff to include unused segments. The kill task only considers segments which lie in the specified `interval` and were marked as unused no later than this time. The default behavior is to kill all unused segments in the `interval` regardless of when they where marked as unused.|
```
